#what is React JS?
Facebook got a problem that, it was not able to send notifications and updates on likes and comments in real time to the users. For that they need to refresh the browser page. Why because they were using PHP. For this problem, facebook engineer invented one library which was able to perform those tasks.
Browser has a nature to refresh DOM Tree as soon as there is somthing change one the page.
It works by making one virtual DOM Tree which is exact replica of the real DOM Tree. But it only make changes that are changed doesnot refresh the whole page.
Thats the reason why react is so famous for big applications.

#Why React JS ?
React has very very very less page reloads
It has extreme use of reusable components
It is very efficient 

#How we will use React JS?
Create components, and make data if you need it, link the data and change the data whenever you want, react will react jab bhi data change hoga 

#When we will use React JS?
Jab aapko ek thoda bade level pe app create karna ho, jismein khoob saari cheejein ho rahi hai, and khoob saara reusable component struture hai 

I React we dont need to write the whole code, react has given a tool named as create-react-app

#Steps 
1. Vscode
2. Chrome
3. Default code lana 
4. npm run dev 
5. output dikhana 
6. code ke folder structure ko samjhna 
Node modules vit ko require hota hai 
public mai static images and videos hote hai 
Assets mai bhi same 
baaki sab impt hai with jsx extention 
RFCE is component 

component ek function hai jo ki return karega jsx
jsx html ki tarah dikne vala syntax hai but uske paas superpowers hai jo html ke paas nahi hai 

app ka code , jo website pe dikhta hai 
app root se connected hota hai 

cant return 2 things, only one 
to return it set into a div tag or blank tag 
it is called as react fragment  

component, import and link learned

React will react according to state 

Sending and receiving data to component

Make own data in a component using useState
Change that data 